We stopped at the point and
we are working on an exercise where we
were working through using
dispatch in an action.
So, calling another action from an action,
which we haven't done before.
And so, I'm gonna just check
out to my step one branch which
has the solution already.
I'm gonna run it just because I
wanna make sure that it is working.
And, meanwhile, we'll go over the specific
exercise that we're working through.
So, we have an action
called fetchFromInventory.
It used to take commit,
now it takes a dispatch as well,
because we are dispatching to a sibling
action or an action within all actions.
And so, specifically, we want to
dispatch the checkMachinesStates
action because we're checking to see
that the machine state works or not.
And of course, this here is not
actually like an API or anything.
It's just a promise that
does a set timeout.
But the idea is the same,
it's asynchronous.
So that's pretty nice, which means
that you can use promise-based syntax.
And so, what I'm doing is
I'm dispatching a check to
the machine states and
then that will return to me what I need,
and then from that I can then
do a ping inventory and so on.
I believe that was, so
I can dispense and then it dispenses.
And similarly for restock,
which is exactly what we were doing.
There's this sense of a restock state.
The specific action that we hooked
up was the checkMachineStates.
So, previously when you click restock,
you don't get that checkMachineState.
But now you get the sense of checking the
machine state before you actually restock.
So that's a really nice way of
putting two actions together,
you can dispatch an action
from one action within UX.
And so that's pretty much all
that UX compose actions is.
It's fairly straightforward.
But I think it's a really interesting
concept to introduce because it allows you
to chain actions together, you can sort of
make action code fairly sparse and simple.
So, every single one of your actions
only does one thing instead of doing ten
things.
So, it makes your actions and
your store code a bit more clean
with this particular pattern.